Add overview cd (#2224)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/continuous-deployment/_index.md

menu:
  principal:
    parent: overview
    identifier: overview-continuous-deployment
last_review_date: 2024-06-03
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

> Continuous Delivery (CD) is a crucial practice in modern software development, enabling teams to deliver features, fixes, and updates to their users fast and reliably. Giant Swarm has designed a platform that embraces continuous deployment capabilities to allow customers to deploy changes to their applications seamlessly, maintaining high quality and security standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Deployment (CD) is a crucial practice in modern software development, enabling teams to deliver features, fixes, and updates to their users fast and reliably. Giant Swarm has designed a platform that embraces this capability to allow customers to deploy changes to their applications seamlessly, maintaining high quality and security standards.
```
